Clarify how `wrangler --env` affects loading `.env` and `.dev.vars` (#19340)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/wrangler/system-environment-variables.mdx

3. Set the values in your shell environment. For example, if you are using Z shell, adding `export CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN=...` to your `~/.zshrc` file will set this token as part of your shell configuration.

:::note

> You can set system environment variables per environment by creating additional files with the naming convention `.env.<environment-name>`. When you set the environment using `wrangler <command> --env <environment-name>`, these files take precedence over `.env`.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like?

```suggestion
You can set system environment variables per environment by creating additional files with the naming convention `.env.<environment-name>`. When you set the environment using `wrangler <command> --env <environment-name>`, such an environment specific file will be loaded instead of the `.env` file - they are not merged.
```

Author: Thanks!

> You can set system environment variables per environment by creating additional files with the naming convention `.env.<environment-name>`. When you set the environment using `wrangler <command> --env <environment-name>`, such an environment specific file will be loaded instead of the `.env` file - they are not merged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set different system environment variables for each environment, create files named `.env.<environment-name>`. When you use `wrangler <command> --env <environment-name>`, the corresponding environment-specific file will be loaded instead of the `.env` file, so the two files are not merged.
```
